whilst we live in a modern world with
the benefits of ever-increasing wealth
and prosperity we also live with a
growing burden of waste and the
exhaustion of Natural Resources one of
the most common waste products is food
waste at home in restaurants and
supermarkets in fact everywhere that
people who reside in prosperous nations
there is an excess of food waste that
often ends up in landfill whilst
biodegradable when disposed of in the
mass of landfill this waste produces
harmful emissions however we do also
live in an era of ever-increasing eco
awareness most people now live in cities
where recycling is an established
routine this has had an enormous effect
on minimizing the amount of waste
heading to landfill however much work
can still be done to further reduce
waste and food waste can be easily
recycled through the use of composting
and worm farms in the home food scraps
and even some forms of paper waste can
be easily recycled using a domestic worm
farm and aside from having less in your
trash can best of all you will also be
creating an excellent source of plant
nutrient and soil for your garden these
user friendly home worm farms involve
minimal work most users simple chamber
system where as the compartment fills
with food waste converting to worm
castings you simply rotate the container
to start filling the newly emptied
chamber the worms really do all the work
another great benefit is the natural
liquid which is an excellent plant food
for commercial operations large
industrial worm farms are available that
can easily convert your organic waste
into soil friendly fertilizer and make a
noticeable saving on your waste
collection costs moreover you will be
seen to be an environmentally friendly
business which is a proven way to gain
more customer preference and loyalty
there's a range of commercial worm farm
options so practically any organic
weight volume can be catered to and
whilst these systems look remarkably
more complicated than the smaller home
kids they all work on the same principle
worms are us are your worm farming
experts so big corporate or small
business make sure you contact us to
discuss your particular worm farming
requirements we provide full training
and instructions and also provide quotes
for commercial applications and even
provide educational visits for schools
make sure you view the video on how to
setup your own worm farm and a quick
overview of the different types of worm
farms available
worms are us helping people and business
play their part in protecting our planet